TimeSerie option ( Min, Max, Decimals ) (#501)
weaveworks/grafanalib: CHANGELOG.rst

===========

* Added ...

> * Added Minimun option for Timeserie
> * Added Maximun option for Timeserie
> * Added Number of decimals displays option for Timeserie

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added Minimum option for Timeseries
* Added Maximum option for Timeseries
* Added Number of decimals displays option for Timeseries
```
